style-guide: be explicit on how to handle options and arguments that don't have a space in between (#16914)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

- Prefer not grouping options that take in arguments (i.e. `{{[-it|--interactive --tty]}} {{[-w|--workdir]}} {{path/to/directory}}` instead of `{{[-itw|--interactive --tty --workdir]}} {{path/to/directory}}`)
- Prefer using a space instead of the equals sign (`=`) to separate options from their arguments (i.e. use `--opt arg` instead of `--opt=arg`), unless the program does not support it.
- Likewise prefer separating shortform options from their arguments with a space (i.e. use `-o arg` instead of `-oarg`), unless the program does not support it.

> - If a page only supports `-oarg` and `--opt=arg` the example should be written like this `{{[-o|--opt=]}}arg`.

Author: ```suggestion
- If a command only supports `-oarg` and `--opt=arg` the option placeholder should be written like this `{{[-o|--opt=]}}arg`.
```

> - If a command only supports `-oarg` and `--opt=arg` the option placeholder should be written like this `{{[-o|--opt=]}}arg`.

Author: ```suggestion
- If a command only supports `-oarg` and `--opt=arg` the option placeholder should be written like this `{{[-o|--opt=]}}arg`. Keep in mind how the command would look if a client were to display only short or only long options.
```
Would this be too much?

Author: Alright. I'm leaving this discussion open in case someone has an opinion.

Reviewer: I think having this line is fine, let's merge this PR at its current state.
